Some of you might think of the newly
released Chase the Skies game drop as
just a happy gas, but there are tons of
little features that I'll bet you miss.
Like, did you know they added a brand
new advancement called stay hydrated?
You get it by placing the dried gas in
water. And speaking of the dried gas,
did you know it's actually craftable?
You can also craft a new harness for the
guests. And even more surprisingly, you
can now finally craft saddles. You might
have heard this banger new music disc
that you can get from hitting a gas with
its own fireball. But there are also
five other ambient tracks that play in
different biomes. My favorite is below
and above, which gives me such nostalgic
beta Minecraft vibes. There's been a lot
of hype about vibrant visuals, which is
a new graphic setting that makes
Minecraft look stunning. But did you
know that as part of this upgrade, the
entire fog system in the game was
enhanced? It's hard to believe how
atmospheric the game looks now. There
are even more small changes like leads
no longer needing slime balls, shears
being able to cut leads and remove
saddles, and carrots now being able to
be used for taming or breeding donkeys,
mules, and horses. Not to mention UI
improvements like the locator bar and
the ability to toggle how the music
plays. Be honest. Did any of these
changes sneak by